How could they be from Wanji? How could those dozen of people go to Yang Xiu?
Fortunately, I have to marry a few people.
He could only endure the Qing Dynasty
Master, people like this are really rare
It's so worth it, no problem
That's right, it's about Wanji
It gives me a headache too, just because of Wanji's incident
It’s hard for the master to live in the family
Okay, I know. You should rest first.
Eldest Young Master, what’s wrong with Da Suoyin?
You're unhappy. Why are you helping me?
Dasuoyin, what are you doing? I will die from bad news.
I heard that the Wanji people prepared a wedding banquet for you, right?
I heard that he also invited many celebrities from all over the world.
There will be a lot of people with me at that time
But I don't want to marry him
I know
Will the wedding proceed normally?
It will pass by then
Whatever you want to do
Of course, it’s a good night to see if you lose.
Not so good
The forgotten banner man is too deep
I want to give him this color for you